update log and readme (#73)
IGNF/ign-pdal-tools: README.md

`readers.las: Global encoding WKT flag not set for point format 6 - 10.` which is due to TerraSolid
malformed LAS output for LAS1.4 files with point format 6 to 10.

## Add points in Las

> [add_points_in_las.py](pdaltools/add_points_in_las.py): add points from some vector files (ex: shp, geojson, ...) inside Las. New points will have X,Y and Z coordinates. Other attributes values given by  the initial las file are null (ex: classification at 0). These others attributes could be forced by using the '--dimensions/-d' option in the command line (ex : 'add_points_in_las.py -i myLas.las -g myPoints.json -d classification=64' - points will have there classification at 64). The dimension should be present in the initial las ; this is not allowed to add new dimension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[add_points_in_las.py](pdaltools/add_points_in_las.py): add points from some vector files (ex: shp, geojson, ...) inside Las. New points will have X,Y and Z coordinates. Other attributes values given by  the initial las file are null (ex: classification at 0). These others attributes could be forced by using the '--dimensions/-d' option in the command line (ex : 'add_points_in_las.py -i myLas.las -g myPoints.json -d classification=64' - points will have their classification set to 64). The dimension should be present in the initial las ; this is not allowed to add new dimension.
```
